The Joe Rogan experience. It's like, did you see that in India?
The monkey stole the Corona virus samples from the left? Yes.
It's only a gang of monkeys that were like, give me that. And it gave it to him.
But the funny thing is they didn't get into it. So they actually were to keep,
they were able to keep the specimens and tax, which is kind of crazy. Yeah.
Oh, what is it? I wonder what the monkeys thought it.
Was. I don't know. They were probably just like, well, the way they're holding,
it looks important.
Yeah. Well they do that apparently.
And then you can give them food and they'll give it back to you to make deals.
Yeah. Oh yeah. They make deals depending on the monkeys,
depending on the territory,
but it you're used to deals with people that's so yeah. Are they're so smart,
man. They're like really dumb people. Yeah. Yeah.
Which is saying a lot. It's crazy. I'm like.
Dumpy because they'll, did you see the one where the monkey ran? Uh,
use the motorcycle and rode up to the baby and stole the baby? What?
Oh my goodness. Jamie, this must pull this one up, bro.
It is the crate. I don't, I think it was, I don't want,
I want to say Indonesia on a leash.
I don't know if you noticed that he was on a leash.
Somebody had a like by that's how I came back so fast.
Oh, but it was odd. It was traveling though. It was like.
Yeah.
The monkey rode a motorcycle down this alley to these people that were sitting
there, grabs a baby and starts dragging the baby away. Watch this here. It goes.
See here's the monkey on the motorcycle. Hold on. Do it from the beginning.
He did rode up on.
A motorcycle, but do it from the beginning so he could see it.
Watch that seat on the motorcycle pulls up, jumps off,
grabs that baby just grabs him and pulling the baby away. I mean, first of all,
how strong are monkeys?
Uh, yeah, they're really smart. I like how casual the dude is though.
The guy is like, Hey, try not to have your monkey. Take my baby away.
Jimmy. Where do you see this leash? I don't see it dragged away. No,
the monkeys getting dragged away. It's not walking away.
Oh.
Oh the monkey it's getting drugged.
Oh,
it's just holding its he's holding on to the baby and he's being tried a hundred
percent.
Sure. I it's not walking away with the baby.
Yeah. Because he's being yanked and he's trying to go for the kids.
So the guy is trying to probably get them away from the kid. That's insane.
And that's probably why the guy is so casual too. I mean,
they still don't know why it's being casual about that, but wow. That what the.
That.
Is so terrifying. And you know that kid's going to grow up and go like, yeah,
that happened. You know, a lot of stuff happens.
Because otherwise how the would a monkey know how to ride a motorcycle?
If somebody had to teach to get mocked? Definitely.
It's not like monkeys going like, gosh,
someday I can't wait to ride a motorcycle. And maybe.
The monkey saw it's a small motorcycle too. Right?
It's like a little kid's motorcycle. Like probably electric.
If someone saw like a monkey saw person do something,
monkey could probably copy it. Like they sure, sure. There's a photo.
I don't know if you've ever seen it, but you can see monkey do that's.
Stuff's good, right? Yeah. This stuff was really yeah. Kill clips.
The. Yeah. 25 milligrams of CBD and it's delicious. Um,
there's a photograph of a famous photograph of, uh, of a rang,
a tan that is spear fishing.
And it learned how to do it by watching people look at this monkey.
Whoa, he's getting after it. Oh.
Oh my gosh. That's so cool. Wow. That's so rad.
Um, it's an Asia and Indonesia. So it is Indonesia where I think that's what,
what they were saying. The other one was, um,
see if you can find the photo of the orangutan that's uh, spear fishing.
So it's hanging from a branch with a spear and sticking it into
the water, stab a fish,
just like it seen humans do because that's how the people fish there. Right.
So they rang times like, huh, thank God that I think I got it. Wild orangutan,
spear fishing.
That's so crazy to me. Well, they've.
Said that they believe that primates, particularly some,
some monkeys are and some chimps are in the stone age.
Now. I see. I see. I see. They're.
Starting to use tools like they're entering into the stone age. See,
look at that photo. Wow. How dope is that? Whoa,
that's crazy. Oh, that's amazing.
Look how he's hanging with his feet and his hands. Yeah, man.
Just stabbing into the water.
The fish plant of the apes man. is happening.
Well look, we got to think, I mean, if you believe in Evolut evolution and I do,
I do too. We were that.
Yeah. Yeah. We were some, we were some form of that. Some form of that,
something happened, something happened that caused us to divert.
If they start talking to us.
I don't know. But you know,
some day we're going to figure out some kind of a computer that's able to like
read every tiny micro-movement and interpret it into words,
you know? And there'll be like mood and then like words and like, oh,
I think it's saying this and it's just going to get better and better and
better.
Well, what was that gorilla that they taught sign language. What's her name.
Is that Jane? Jane Goodall. But she, the one,
she was the one that she is sign language with a primates.
But there was one that was really good at it. And.
That this, oh, in the, in the zoo.
I don't know because in the zoo, if it was in some sort of a research center,
but there was one gorilla that could really talk up a storm,
like had like pretty profound Coco that's right. Oh yeah.
Coco had conversations with sign language.
That's so heavy. I know.
Yeah. Look at this. Oh, Robin Williams hung out with her Rogers.
Mr. Rogers. Imagine. Wow. Look at her. Look at the head.
I mean, imagine if you're mad at me.
We're seeing the humanity. No. Oh, I'm going to blow you away.
There was this one weird champ that they were really confused about it.
They actually thought it might be a hybrid between a human and a champ,
because I want to say this was like the fifties or the sixties.
It was really freaky and this lady kept it.
And I think they eventually had to bring it to some sort of a rescue center
because it developed like a very unhealthy sexual relationship.
But this lady wanted a and was real jealous of other people coming by.
Which is yeah. That's what happens with crazy. Of course.
Territorial. Yeah. Yeah.
They say that's what happened to that lady that had that big champ in
Connecticut. Remember that when it bit, her friend's face off,
her friend was blocking. Whoa.
And she might actually that Chimp because she used to sleep in the bed with it.
And she gave that Chimp Xanax and red wine,
which probably not.
Humana. I can't find accuracy of it.
It says there's an unsuccessful. Excuse me. Unsuccessful. Attempt to.
Create such a thing. No, no, no. It's it is not. It's just a Chimp.
It's just a weird look and chat.
But one of the weird parts about it is that it liked to walk on two feet.
You like to walk on two feet and it looked like a person.
It looked like a person a Chimp. Yeah. Look at him. Oh, wow. Dude. It's creepy.
Yeah. Get a look.
Oh yeah. I have seen a picture. It's creepy of this.
Person. Go to that one on the far to go to the far, the second row.
Second to the far left. That's a black and white one. Oh, this one. Yeah.
That one. Look at that one. What in the man? Wow.
That is one of the things he say his name was Oliver. Yeah.
That's what it's saying. Yeah. So it's name was Oliver, but look at a weird,
the weird facial expression, particularly in that one image. Now,
as he got older, he looked more and more just like a Chimp,
but one of the weird things about him,
see if you can find a video of it all over the humanity. Um,
he used to walk on his back feet, so it was real creepy.
And so that's part of the reason why there was all the speculation that maybe it
was like some sort of a hyper.
Oh, it makes sense that there would be like definitely a, um,
there's gotta be outliers, you know, because so much genetic information is,
is shared between like all of the animals on the planet, including us.
And we have bits and pieces of all of it. So, oh my gosh. Interesting.
Weird. Yeah. It could be an outlier. Yeah.
Yeah. Well they did a DNA test on it because it had a very, um,
bald face as well,
which is one of the other reasons why I think they had some speculation,
there were some human in it, but uh, they found out I was just a Chimp,
just a weird champ.
It's just, yeah, just like a, yeah, just a unique self. So bizarre.
Yeah.
Super strange. But I mean, you got to think if human beings,
they think in this form that we're at,
we've only been around in this form for somewhere in the neighborhood of 200,
50,000 to 450,000 years or something like that. They don't really know.
But I think on the short end it's like quarter million years.
Oh no. I mean, it's weird. If you look at the evolutionary,
like the lines we just go, yeah. It's just a departure. Something,
something happened. I know I personally, you know, favorite thing,
it's my 90%. I always go to the 90%. I'm 10% wrong,
but I'm also 90% pop probably.
I mean I'm high, I'm a hundred percent.
Yeah. Something, some may Liam, I mean mushrooms or aliens, you know,
I think so. You know, they're,
they've probably came from other places in the universe.
There's probably a bunch of life lichens, you know,
they're like hybrid fungus and molds, you know, that,
that work synergistically, whatever who knows. I mean.
Well psilocybin can survive.
The spores can survive in a vacuum so they can survive in the vacuum of space.
Oh man. They can survive in extreme temperatures and extreme, cold.
Interesting. So the idea of panspermia, you know,
that idea that building blocks of life came from asteroidal impacts, right?
They think that it's really possible that some sort of fungus
could exist on an asteroid hell.
We have chunks of the moon in Antarctica and other parts of the world where a,
some big asteroid hits or a meteor hits the moon,
a big chunk flies off it gets sucked into our gravity and slams into earth.
Yeah. And if that can happen and you can get some fungus on that, some sort of,
yeah. Some.
Sort of spores. Yeah.